authentication docs (#1803)
Hyperfoil/Horreum: docs/site/content/en/docs/Tasks/machine-accounts/index.md

---
title: Machine Accounts
date: 2024-06-18
weight: 1
---

> A team manager can create `Machine Accounts` in his managed team(s). Those accounts can access Horreum with HTTP Basic authentication instead of authenticating with Keycloak. This is done on the `Machine Accounts` tab on the user profile (click on your name in upper right corner).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A team manager can create `Machine Accounts` for their managed team(s). Those accounts can access Horreum with HTTP Basic authentication instead of authenticating with Keycloak. This is done on the `Machine Accounts` tab on the user profile (click on your name in upper right corner).
```
